README.md, before:

# Dfjames + Blog (using [Gatsby][1] and WordPress) 👓

Recreated my portfolio site using [GatsbyJS][1] and connected it to the Wordpress REST API.

## TODO
- [ ] Fix issue with location.pathname/footer component
- [ ] Fix date format using GraphQL
- [ ] Add eslint and stylelint
- [ ] Add Travis CI and build status
- [ ] Fix Favicons for all browsers

### Nice to haves 👍
- [x] Get mentioned in Gatsby Showcase :smile:
- [x] Get a Lighthouse score of 90+ :100:
- [ ] Add pagination to blog
- [ ] Use Styled Components instead of SASS or in conjuction with

## Develop 🔧
- To run dev server: ```gatsby develop```
  - Hot reloading dev environment available from ```localhost:8000```

## Build & Deploy :zap:
- Build with:  ```gatsby build```
- Add favicons to public folder
- Deploy public folder to webserver of choice 🆒

## Thanks To
- [LevelUp Tutorials](https://www.leveluptutorials.com)
- [Talinoob](https://github.com/nm-t) for putting up with me
- [Julian Chan](https://github.com/juz501) for finding that dependency bug: https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/issues/2328#issuecomment-343711735

[1]: https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby

Commit message:

Fixed favicons thanks to plugin, moved to HTTPS, updated deps

README.md, after:

# Dfjames + Blog (using [Gatsby][1] and WordPress) 👓

My portfolio site using [GatsbyJS][1] and connecting it to the Wordpress REST API.

## TODO
- [ ] Fix issue with location.pathname/footer component
- [ ] Fix date format using GraphQL
- [ ] Add eslint and stylelint
- [ ] Add Travis CI and build status
- [ ] Use gatsby-plugin for lazy-loading images

### Nice to haves 👍
- [x] Get mentioned in Gatsby Showcase :smile:
- [x] Get a Lighthouse score of 90+ :100:
- [ ] Add pagination to blog
- [ ] Use Styled Components instead of SASS or in conjuction with

## Develop 🔧
- To run dev server: ```gatsby develop```
  - Hot reloading dev environment available from ```localhost:8000```

## Build & Deploy :zap:
- Build with:  ```gatsby build```
- Add favicons to public folder
- Deploy public folder to webserver of choice 🆒

## Thanks To
- [LevelUp Tutorials](https://www.leveluptutorials.com)
- [Talinoob](https://github.com/nm-t) 😘
- [Julian Chan](https://github.com/juz501) for finding that dependency bug: https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/issues/2328#issuecomment-343711735

[1]: https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby
